#3748 Add custom template option back to blitz generate command (#3866)
blitz-js/blitz: .changeset/slow-impalas-tap.md

---
"blitz": patch
"@blitzjs/generator": patch
---

> #3748 Add custom template usage back to toolkit

Reviewer: we should flesh this out more, tell the benefit, and show how to use the new command, etc.

> #3748 Add custom template usage back to toolkit, and a new command `blitz generate custom-templates` to provide an easy starting point for users to customize the default templates.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Allow passing custom templates to the `blitz generate` command. Extend the `generate` command with `custom-templates` to provide an easy starting point for users to customize the default templates: `blitz generate custom-templates`.
```
